Add multi-compiler functionality (#483)
sky-uk/kfp-operator: docs-gen/content/docs/reference/resources/pipeline.md

|----------------------|--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| `spec.provider`      | Specify which provider to use in create/update workflows.                                                                                        |
| `spec.image`         | Container image containing TFX component definitions.                                                                                            |
| `spec.tfxComponents` | Fully qualified name of the Python function creating pipeline components.                                                                        |
| `spec.env`           | List of named objects. These will be provided to the `tfxComponents` function as environment variables.                                          |
| `spec.beamArgs`      | List of named objects. These will be provided as `beam_pipeline_args` when compiling the pipeline.                                               |

> | `spec.framework`     | Optional. Sets a specific compiler image for the pipeline. e.g. `framework: tfx` then image used would be `kfp-operator-**tfx**-compiler:latest` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `spec.framework`     | Optional. Sets a specific compiler image for the pipeline. For example, using `framework: tfx` would mean the pipeline would be compiled with the `kfp-operator-**tfx**-compiler:latest` image |
```

Reviewer: also maybe document the default here?

> | `spec.framework`     | Optional. Sets a specific compiler image for the pipeline. e.g. `framework: tfx` then image used would be `kfp-operator-**tfx**-compiler:latest` |

Reviewer: We should probably add a new section to the docs anway, such as "Supported Pipeline Frameworks"

Author: Maybe add that once we do the next card of adding another framework? I will add a task to the issue.
Done - https://github.com/sky-uk/kfp-operator/issues/488
